PredictiveCacheController: - refactored constructor; - added zoom level options for maps predictive cache options (#6071)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Enabled tunnel dead reckoning drift compensation by default for Auto profile. [#6061](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6061)
- Increased route line stickiness for Auto profile. [#6061](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6061)
- Improved off-road detection for Auto profile by relying more on the heading change relative to the road. [#6061](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6061)
- Added `PredictiveCacheController` constructor with `PredictiveCacheOptions`, `PredictiveCacheController(PredictiveCacheOptions)`. [#6071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6071)
- Deprecated constructors `PredictiveCacheController(PredictiveCacheLocationOptions, PredictiveCacheControllerErrorHandler)` and `PredictiveCacheController(PredictiveCacheLocationOptions, PredictiveCacheLocationOptions, PredictiveCacheControllerErrorHandler)`. [#6071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6071)
- Added `PredictiveCacheController#predictiveCacheControllerErrorHandler` to set and get `PredictiveCacheControllerErrorHandler`. [#6071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6071)

> - Added `PredictiveCacheMapsOptions`(maps specific, include set upping custom zoom level for Predictive Cache Maps' tiles) and `PredictiveCacheNavigationOptions`(navigation specific) Predictive Cache Options. [#6071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6071)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `PredictiveCacheMapsOptions`(map specific, that also allow to specify zoom levels for which the map tiles should be cached) and `PredictiveCacheNavigationOptions`(navigation specific) available through the `PredictiveCacheOptions`. [#6071](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6071)
```
